Hardware Key Support for App Access (#41800)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/guides/hardware-key-support.mdx

  necessary, such as for roles with access to critical infrastructure. These roles can be accessed
  as needed with Access Requests so that users can avoid these issues for their normal login
  sessions.

  Note: Web and app sessions are not backed by a hardware key directly, but they are strictly guarded by the

>   Auth/Proxy services. Therefore, web and app sessions are given permission to bypass hardware key support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Auth Service and Proxy Service. Therefore, web and app sessions are given permission to bypass hardware key support
```
For consistency with the rest of the docs

>   and fallback to MFA prompts when user presence or verification is needed, like for per-session MFA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and fall back to MFA prompts when user presence or verification is needed, like for per-session MFA.
```

"fall back" is the verb phrase while "fallback" is a noun or adjective
